In this game, you can choose one of three levels, junior
detective, senior detective, and master detective. The 
difference between the three is negligible.

The game starts with Nancy reading a letter to her dad. Aftwerwards, we're taken in Aunt Eloise's apartment. There are 
several things you can do here, but most of it (such as 
looking at all the paintings on the walls) is optional.

Right in front of you is a desk-table. On top of it is a 
message from Aunt Eloise. She's left the key to the 
library in the safe, and the combination is hidden in the 
house. The safe is behind the tapestry in that little 
niche in the corner.

You can open the drawer on the desk, and inside is a 
phone card. Pick it up if you feel like calling someone 
in this game.

In the little side-room, you can look around. The coffee 
table has a jewelry box you can open and look at. You can 
look at some pictures of Aunt Eloise by the lamp, and you 
can look at the book of flowers on a side-table (the book 
has the word MITCH on it, written in green).

Aunt Eloise has a TV, with bookshelves on either side. 
You can look at a map of Florida on the left bookshelf, 
which has the message "Blade up on glass / gets you in 
class" in Morse Code written on the border). You can open 
a book on the right bookshelf to find the key to the 
chest in the corner. Inside this chest, you can pick up a 
quarter. You don't have to do this to beat the game.

What you HAVE to do is open the drawer on a side desk. In 
here, you must take the TV remote and read Aunt Eloise's 
letter from sigma phi kappa delta.

Sigma phi kappa delta is the combination to the safe, so 
press those four letters in that order (which Aunt Eloise 
helpfully wrote down at the top of her paper for all 
those people who don't read Greek) onto the safe.

Once the safe is open, take the spare key to the library. 
Click on the little box with a picture of flowers on it.

It's a slider puzzle. On junior mode, it's a 3 by 3 
puzzle. The way to beat it is by getting the top row into 
place. Now without moving the top row, get the two left-
hand pieces into place. From there, rotate the remaining 
three pieces, and you're done.

The key to every sliding puzzle is the order you put the 
pieces in. When the puzzle is solved, the missing piece 
goes in the upper/right corner. For some reason, this 
means you have to solve the lower/right corner first.


Inside the slider puzzle box is Aunt Eloise's computer 
logon.

Name: Eloise Drew.
Password: O Wise Elder.

Aunt Eloise's computer logon is really all you need to 
get from her apartment. Now you can leave.

Head to Maxine's. There you can talk with Daryl Gray, 
your contact. If you got a quarter at Aunt Eloise's, you 
can use it on the jukebox player and the pinball machine.

There are several hidden messages here at Maxine's. The 
menu behind Daryl is a simple message--read the red 
letters to spell out "soup ladle bolt cutter". Do the 
same sort of thing with a menu on a table--the red 
letters spell "danger," while the purple letters spell 
"sabotage".

Head to the kitchen area behind Daryl. Under a "safety 
first" sign is a black container with the soup ladle 
inside. Under the "danger flammable materials" is a bolt 
cutter. This is what the sign behind Daryl was referring 
to. Take the bolt cutter and replace it with the soup 
ladle.

If you don't put the soup ladle in place, the diner 
explodes due to a gas leak. Personally, I think it's 
really stupid for the diner to use soup ladles and bolt 
cutters to prevent gas leaks, but whatever.

The only other thing to do at Maxine's (besides see the 
list of chores that the employees must do) is check the 
work calendar. See the numbers at the bottom? That's a 
simple alphanumeric code. 1=a, 2=b, 3=c, etc.

The code spells out "Jake's fate happened deliberately / 
gravity was not his worst enemy". Um...yeah, all the 
clues in this game are poems.

This same code is used on one of the napkin dispensers at 
Maxine's, but all it spells is "JAKE", which isn't much 
help at all.

Once you have the bolt cutter, head to Paseo Del Mar High 
School. You have to switch CDs to do this.

You can talk with Hulk Sanchez at the gym. Hulk is the 
star football player for four years in a row. He doesn't 
like Jake.

Hal Tanaka, the exchange student, is studying in the 
study hall. He tells you that Daryl's family recently 
lost a lot of money.

You can talk to Connie Watson in the phone room. She 
doesn't like Jake Rogers, and she has a thing for Daryl 
Gray.

Talking to the characters lets you talk to them about 
each other. Hulk and Connie think Hal studies too much. 
Hal tells you that Hulk was recently injured, and that 
Connie was dating Jake.

The library has a lot of books that you can look at. Most 
contain completely unnecessary information.
 
You can check the card catalog to note that the book Jake 
checked out from the library is, um, from the library. 
Helpful, I guess.

The only thing you HAVE to do is check out the area on 
the side, which has tiny bookshelves that hold 
encyclopedia sets. The upper/left encyclopedia set lets 
you look at K for Kanji. Nancy notes that the Kanji 
symbol Connie is wearing stands for Crane.

The lower/middle encyclopedia set lets you read B for 
Braille. That comes in handy later on.

You can use the phone card from the drawer in Aunt 
Eloise's room to use a phone in the phone room. Using the 
phone, you can call Nancy's friends for hints.

One of the hidden messages said to check a phone for 
Jake's name or something like that. What it means is that 
you can look at a phone, such as the one in the phone 
room. J A K E on a phone layout it 5 2 5 3. That's the 
combination to Jake's locker. The book in the library on 
sign language also hinted at this.

Open Jake's locker. Inside is a VHS tape box, a library 
book and a judo magazine. Look at all of them. 
Apparently, a mystery competitor won the male judo 
competition.

Look at the bottom of Jake's locker. There's a newspaper 
about somebody stealing steroids from the Vandelay 
Pharmaceutical building. There's also a video camera and 
a glass cutter. Pick up the glass cutter!

You can use the glass cutter to break into the teacher's 
lounge. Leave the school, then go back to it, so you're 
at the place where you see the outside of the school.

Look for a place on the right hand side of the screen. 
Yes, you can go on the side of the school, as one of the 
hidden messages said. You can follow another secret 
message by using Jake's paper cutter to cut a hole in the 
third window from the left.

Using the hole, open the window to get in the teacher's 
lounge. You can log onto the computer in the lounge with 
Aunt Eloise's log-on. Look at the key on the computer to 
learn that the code for the boiler/maintenance room is 
NOTE.

You can print out a security report if you want, which 
tells you some unneeded plot information that nobody 
mentions in the game.

Open the drawer of senior final papers to read Hal's 
essay. It's the same as the one in the book in Jake's 
locker! Hal is a cheater!

You can now enter the boiler room, now that you know the 
password. It's in Braille, and you can use the book in 
the library to decode it. 

Go in, and ride the elevator down. Check out the boiler 
and all the stuff in this area. Open the toolbox for 
gloves. That is all you're supposed to do at this point 
in time.

Leave the school to talk to Daryl. Talk to him about 
whatever you want, but do not ask "Pressure the 
suspects?" or your game will mess up and not move on to 
the next part of the plot, which is...

Daryl has a note for you if you've been in the boiler 
room. The note says to go BACK to the boiler room. 
Phooey.

Go back to the boiler room. Oh no! The boiler is about to 
explode! You can rip off the chain with the bolt cutters, 
or use the combination on the wall (1967) to open the 
lock (you have to use the gloves to do so, though).

You need to set the boiler levers to the position labeled 
on the wall. Pull the left lever twice, the right lever 
twice, and the left lever a third time.

That solves the puzzle. You can't leave via the elevator, 
so leave through the grate behind the boiler. Crawl 
through it, and Nancy finds a VHS tape.

Go back to Aunt Eloise's. Turn on the TV with the remote 
and stick in the tape.

OH MY!!!

Jake's tape has footage of Hulk stealing drugs! Hal 
cheating on his senior essay! Connie entering the judo 
competition by cross-dressing! And Daryl was...SELLING 
THINGS TO A MYSTERIOUS SMOKER? Oh, no, say it isn't so!

Talk to Hal, Connie and Hulk about being blackmailed. 
Talk to them about everything.
 
Then go to Maxine's and talk to Daryl. He's not there if 
you haven't talk to everyone else. Daryl says he's a drug 
runner for a scumbag named Mitch.

Mitch killed Jake.

Daryl says he'll confront Mitch tonight, and recruits 
Nancy as backup. Go to the school and talk to everyone 
about everything. No one agrees to help with Mitch.

Leave school and the game skips to later that night. Go 
to Vandelay. Daryl gets in a fight with Mitch.

Mitch pulls out a gun, but Connie comes to save the day. 
Yay! The gun is knocked aside and automatically lands in 
Nancy's inventory. Immediately use the gun on Mitch to 
make him surrender, or else he kills you.

Once Mitch sees you have a gun, he puts his hands up. The 
game the ends, and it's a happy ending for everyone! Yay! 
I suppose a happy ending was needed after all that heavy 
plot about murder, drugs and blackmail.